Anonimity set FAQ (#178)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

CoinJoin

:::details
### How much anonymity set do I need?

It is commonly said that an anonymity set of 50 is sufficient to evade blockchain forensics analysis.

> With Wasabi this can be achieved in a matter of hours (or minutes if there are lots of other users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Wasabi this can be achieved in a matter of hours (or minutes if there are a lot of users).
```
